no it's been absolutely ages since that
is my last video about goats and
watching them back now my dad's like
really short as you can tell now they're
quite big they've grown some I think now
they're about a year and a half old and
be a bit older I've completely given up
doing maintenance on roots I've got
loads of questions about you know how
much maintenance do you do you and how
do you keep the roots or tire and stuff
and the answer is I don't I just really
don't do any upkeep on them all anymore
I gave up with encouraging and about six
months ago maybe bit longer and since
then they've really just gone crazy into
their own thing but nonetheless I still
apps that you left them I've got so much
loose hair sort of around here you can't
see on the webcam but it's just
ridiculous you know it's it's non-stop
but you get used to it
and that's kind of the point of them I
think you know I don't want them Spiti
manicured and perfect because that's not
how they are which they might be free
and do everyone's but then there's
always bits that just stick out enjoy
feel insane
I've also been getting those are
questions from people who I've got like
baby dreads said you know masters and
people who say like my dreads are three
weeks old and they don't look as good as
yours and I can't believe it and I want
to get rid of them but I haven't replied
them individually because I thought I'd
do it all here you guys suck in the
nicest possible way like after three or
four weeks your dreads aren't could look
perfect it's gonna take months maybe
years until they look good and you just
have to be patient and weigh it out and
that's the point of it
well that's but I thought of whatever it
was anyway it's a lesson in patience and
if you're that impatient then you can't
wait a few months for them to lock up
then they're probably not for you in the
first place in in my opinion there
really is a journey and
it's important to understand that and
you know they're not gonna perfect
overnight
let's me angry and other questions I've
been getting I made a little list but of
course didn't keep it anywhere handy
because I'm an idiot
oh yeah I also put some dread extensions
for a friend few months ago they were
some of her old drugs that she cut off a
few years ago then one of them
reattached to a new sub dreads
I used a crochet hook and hot tub
plasters all over my fingers because I
got blessed doesn't it went pretty
well in the description to this video
I'll put a link into her tumblr so you
can see the finished project
they took fairly well couple of them
came out but that's always to be
expected than when you saw Croatia and
when you know it's like when you crochet
in lose hair you think you've got it all
you go to bed and wake up the next day
and there's just all back again because
you can't really stop it
how's all swimmingly dreadlocks I still
haven't been to my dreadlocks
so whoever asked me that I'm sorry but I
really don't have an answer for you I
assume they'll be fine unless like me
your dreads are full of beads and bits
and bobs then you should be okay I'm in
tune with mine yet because one I hate
swimming - I'm scared that everything
will come out of them and it's taken me
a long time to get all of my beads
together and I don't want to lose them
that's why I actually as far as I think
for an answer questions and that sort of
thing I am actually gonna be getting rid
of my dad's in the misty opal future
it'll probably be sort of you know six
months from now or something like that
but I just graduated University and I
need a job unfortunately seems like I
was willing to employ me with these
babies so I'm gonna keep them for as
long as I possibly can
I'm trying to make a bit of money from
like the stuff I do on guard girls and
just selling all the crap I got while I
was at university so I'll put links as
well in the description to you lucky
people so you can
by all my uploads from Evy and you know
look all my content and stuff so yeah
it's about it I was thinking I was going
to shave all my hair off when I got rid
of them I'll just cut them off then keep
them for a late date you know if I want
the chance again I could just create a
man but it's been you know almost 10
years since I had really long natural
hair and I really miss it so I've spoken
to a few people whose dreads were like 2
to 4 years old and they brush them out I
think I'm just gonna brush them out as
well so my plan so far is to just spend
a weekend in the house not going out
anywhere with loads of conditioner just
conditioning to out my hoping for
the best and using the metal comb I did
to do them that I used to do them to
undress them so yeah I will make videos
as I'm breaking them all just so you
guys can see the progress and you can
see how it is in case you get bored
appreciate art yeah so thanks for all
your support and all the fees and all
the lights and all the comments and all
that stuff and if you have any more
questions then please just let me know
and I'll make another video and answer
them I realize it's been like six months
or something crazy since my last update
so yeah but look please before you ask
me a question just watch the three
videos I've already done and make sure I
haven't already answered it in there
because I've just keep getting the same
questions you know some comments on a
video where I've explicitly talked about
how to keep your roots and people go and
hold people roots and it's like dude I
just told you watch the video so yeah
I'm gonna stop talking now I don't know
how I feel 6 minutes but um yeah I'll
see you later bye